wait we've only got three minutes to get
there
all right well we are in the Eber I wish
I could talk about how I only have three
hours of sleep and I'm stressed out
about if I have very stuff but I've been
told that I have to always stay positive
and these things otherwise people don't
want to watch them and so I'm pumped
are you pumped for Evan sure okay Rodan
hasn't gotten any sleep time to go
our gate is 154 Brodin I didn't send in
a single line to get through here we
went straight to the desk got our
tickets then went to TSA PreCheck didn't
have a single actually tsa PreCheck is
awful don't get it I couldn't no one
should have it it should just be me in
front we're gonna go get some food cuz
we now have an hour before our flight
takes off
we got Mexican food because this last
time I gonna have Mexican food for three
weeks just reading the Steve Roehm
didn't get any footage of that she was
too busy gawking tell them the truth
what I was in the bathroom and that I
could see was there and Brendon and
Steve had a whole conversation there's
probably no footage of that correct yeah
let's flip the truth alright we're about
to board a 13 and a half hour flight
there's probably not gonna be much
footage because bird and I are brothers
gonna drink and sleep and chill and
there's it'll be dark and it just we'll
see you in Korea
yeah
[Music]
we just disembarked the plane we
bordered boarded at 12:00 plane took off
at 12:30 p.m. in LA it is 2 a.m. in LA
but it's only 6 p.m. here we are pretty
tired although I slept on the plane
celebratin but we now have to go through
customs
get our baggage take a train to Seoul
then take a train from Seoul to Busan so
we're still probably about like 4 hours
out I'd say from hotel maybe four and a
half I don't know that's I'm nervous
[Music]
okay we got through passport stuff now
we got to pick up the suitcase which I
think might be that one
is the distributing content oh I was on
replied that I wasn't on a plane now I'm
in a country oh how we need to get the
luggage oh and we're trying to get ahold
of Tina who is one of the LCS
photographers who is from Korea and said
that she would escort us safely along
the way so she hasn't responded yet
hopefully that changes look for your
your your baggage brother this is a
great content but like we need your bag
he just bought an old woman that's it
you told me to do
we've got look then your favorite part
of the trip so far broaden the airplane
oh yeah yeah that's the only part of the
trip we've had so far so yeah so I don't
know how to frame you cuz I actually go
all the way I can like it Britain's
super taller really yes thank you I
don't know if the mic will pick up
whoever's behind camera this will be a
fun test
[Music]
this is Tina LC s photographer
extraordinaire she's doing the guy
that's brothers about to walk into
somebody
oh I don't know
that is incredible I wish we weren't in
such a rush but there's literally a
Shake Shack at the airport here in Korea
I didn't even know it was outside the
u.s. yet and they have a Shake Shack
here
do you guys have the tickets to dish
Tianna can I take over it
I feel like on YouTube
[Music]
no I don't know how to she's video
we have now boarded the Express train to
Seoul because the airport is like an
hour away from Seoul so then we're
growing a soul but guess what that was
only real planes what's happening so we
have to go to Busan which is at the
other end of the country and so that's
like three hours out so we are still
about four hours out from our
destination and then probably wants to
get dinner which is presumptuous well
we've made it to Seoul and we're at
Seoul station which is in the heart of
Seoul
we're at Seoul station which is the
heart of Seoul and we are getting ready
to we're actually going to meet somebody
at a McDonald's about some cheese tarts
[Music]
wait we've only got three minutes to get
there
oh yeah one minute Travis just trust me
our student kids'll that's really where
mrs. Fink for the plug
Travis the vlog is kind of boring right
now so can I ask you something stay in
line we've only got three minutes to get
there so I get rid of both expressions
so he can build out of those hype
all of us just to speak you know people
can't know this
oh my gosh we made it I didn't know if
we'd be able to do it and we we haven't
much of extra time to so saving that big
of a deal
[Music]
we're in the elevator at the hotel we
finally made it I am so tired bread and
fell asleep on the train I did not
that's an the vlog
funny story we are currently recording
this outro in like a little vending
machine
booth thing there's like a roof over the
top of me anyway there's a spiderweb
hangout right in front of Brodin if he
moves just two seconds closer two inches
what
I don't know centimeters I don't know
what they talked it there he'll get
caught by a spiderweb and it's it's
gonna be really complicated for him and
I'm a little worried but you know what
would help
Brodin deal with that spiderweb if he
went to you GG because you know
sometimes you got caught in a spider web
of emotions and I don't know what's
happening you just go to the description
you Gigi did you is that going through
the spider I don't understand you check
check them out there in the description
that'll make sure you never lose
champion select again they're probably
gonna have mixed feelings about this
outro in particular so if you just click
through a lot on this one it might
actually help them because they're gonna
be like what what was that outro
but like it's late and I'm jet lagged
and that is a pretty big spider web
though Jesus